feat: instrument example (#280)
newrelic/newrelic-node-examples: custom-instrumentation/instrument/README.md

> # Example instrumentation of a basic app

Reviewer: you need to update the README.md in `custom-instrumentation` to link this one

This example application shows you how to use the [newrelic.instrument](https://newrelic.github.io/node-newrelic/API.html#instrument) and associated [shim](https://newrelic.github.io/node-newrelic/Shim.html) API. It instruments a simple module, a rudimentary job queue (`jobQueue`), and runs a series of basic jobs.

## Getting Started

1. Clone or fork this repository.
2. Navigate to this example's sub directory
   ```
   cd newrelic-node-examples/custom-instrumentation/instrument
   ```
3. Install dependencies and run application.
   ```
   npm install
   cp env.sample .env
   # Fill out `NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY` in .env and save 
   # Start the application
   npm start
   ```
4. The app will automatically start adding example jobs to a queue and run them. You should see the following in the console when the instrumentation takes place.
   ```
   [NEWRELIC] instrumenting 'job-queue'
   Callback job done
   Promise job done
   ```

## Exploring Telemetry

> 1. Now you should be able to see `job-queue` instrumented in New Relic. Navigate to 'APM & Services' and then select the 'Example Job Queue App' entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. After a few minutes, you should be able to see `job-queue` instrumented in New Relic. From the dashboard, navigate to 'APM & Services' and then select the 'Example Job Queue App' entity.
```
